{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

Date: 10/06/2005 <br>
Time: 12:00pm <br>
Place: 56-614 <br>


==Annual Survey==
*Originally next Tuesday to report on Saturday, change to Wednesday
*Data processing should not be a problem
*Diana will send out the email to invite people to take the survey, multiple emails

==Graduate Program Review==
*Last Friday – Diana and Barry presented a summary of the ten responses, and the results of last year's survey, results are posted on the wiki if anyone is interested
*Email specific topics to the board and request feedback

==Student Awards==
*Recommendation from Doug’s first BATS talk
*Discussion started on the wiki
*Some of the awards are feasible, such as posters at the retreat
*Go back to Doug with a few initial awards and potentially 
*Megan P – awards for TAing
*Jason – may be easier once the be major is implemented, 
*Can we award faculty?  Can we promote things which already exist, can we also do the TAing nomination at institute level
*Campaign at the institute level for BE professors

==Student Directory==
*Wiki feedback seems pretty positive
*Going to contact the institute about necessary permissions
*Add wiki page and let people add themselves initially if they choose to – not yet
*Objective is to have lab contact, year of entering etc…

==First-year representative role/elections==
*Reprise what we have discussed about the position last meeting
*Intend to take nominations after this meeting and arrange elections
*Nomination by email and then elections will be decided

==BE board and BMES Interactions==
*With undergrad major and the undergrad students may need to interact more
*ASA – confused about the coexistence of BMES and BE board
*Need to send a letter to clear up the confusion
*BMES will blanket the undergraduate majors affiliated with all bio related majors
*BMES want to have a mixer between undergrads and grads
*Concerns with poor turnout at softball game
*Let BMES members to coordinate activities with the social chairs

==Academics==
*Advisor-advisee events
**Advisee – advisor study break – October 19th if advisors are not caught up in ICSB, move to Oct 18th 
*ISS
**Industrial seminar – bioethics
**Steve Tannenbaum requested changing – told to ask other professors
**Danielle – Zach Shriver, patent law, nature editor scientific publishing
**Poll people who show up at the seminar - 

==Social Committee==
*TGIF
**Friday Oct 28th, indoor BBQ, Halloween theme 11:30- 1:30
**Need to cross schedule with the ISS
**Planning a brewery tour with Al for October TGIF – 21st of Oct
**Harpoon may be an option instead of Sam Adams, preferences?
**Danielle – harpoon tour, basically just sitting at the bar drinking…
*Other
**Contact GSC about the grad ring for BE ring, social event at the muddy, be this fall

==First-year dinner evaluation==
*Receipts to Mariann	
*Request from a first year for buffet restaurants in the future

==Academic career mentoring events==
*The workshop mentoring events, only one event last year
*Described on the wiki
*Discussion page, first meeting on the 17th of October, formal announcement will go out

==Community service==
*Weekend day or a weeknight at 5pm?
*Community Serving 
**October 19th evening
**Make meals and deliver them to people who are housebound
**In Roxbury, need to drive there, two cars
*Can food drive
**doesn’t necessary require a time commitment
**class competition
*Habitat for humanity – 7am-4:30pm, weekend in November, December

==Diversity==
*Interlab Lunch
**First interlab lunch two days ago
**Purpose is to get people to get to know each other before trying bigger
*Caribbean lunch on Nov 17th 
*Diversity meeting later today to decide how else to celebrate the caribean culture
*December – presentation about being a minority alters the career path
	
==GSC Rep==
*Katrina relief – 15,000 dollars to support projects
*Past a resolution – to review graduate student diversity across campus
*Want reps to talk about things from single department, reps to help department heads to be able to bring these issues up

==IM Sports==
*Order shirts – old design or new design?
*Competition to redesign IM  T-shirts
	
==Treasurer==
*Email Jordan your expenses, Mariann gets the receipt
*Social – last few were more expensive than the average
*Jordan will email overall budget to individual groups

==UG representative==
*Dinners with grad and undergrad students
*BE180 and BE109 – course development on the wiki if you are interested in checking out what is going on
*Short talks from the professors about the new courses being added to the curriculum and how things fit into the overall 
*General talks about course development and education in general
*Maybe put into open Bats slots, open BE seminar slots
*Talk to Reshma about incorporating with academic seminars
</div>
|}