{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

Date: 09/08/2005 <br>
Time: 11:30am <br>
Place: 56-302 <br>

==Attendees==
Dave A, Maxine, Diana, Barry, Lisa, Jason, Nick, Jordan, Danielle, Kristen, Ben C, Jon, Shan, Megan P, Nancy, Ricardo, Amy
 
==Welcome to a new year== 
*BE board from last year had great success, but everyone should feel free to propose additions and alterations to improve upon the existing structure.
* Meeting will be open to all students for the whole hour.
**Pros: increase involvement, town hall format
**Cons: Do we need a bigger room?
*Increasing communication by starting a wiki for the BE Board
**Hosting is available on [[http://www.openwetware.org OpenWetWare.org]]
**Jason will set up the initial site and get people logins
**Test the site out over the next month before making any decisions about what role, if any, we want the wiki to have.

==Short-term events==
*Graduate program feedback/Annual survey (Ben C, Nick)
**Faculty retreat this year will focus on the graduate curriculum, want student feedback via a survey by the end of September
**Yearly survey has been done on paper previously, but an electronic approach will be attempted this year
**Will attempt to integrate the two surveys to increase the amount of participation, but no decision has been made
**Annual survey needs to be updated and there is a short time frame of the next four to five days to get that accomplished
**The survey will be emailed to present and past board members for feedback
*BE First-year dinners (Sept 27?) '''CHANGED TO WED 28 SEP'''
**setting it for Tuesday Sept 27th 
**alternative options – suggesting a place to convene after dinner? 
**If you know of conflicts except sox tickets inform a board member
*First-year Rep
**representative – how to acquire one?
**Shan:  
***want elections in the near future, integrate as soon as possible
***would prefer to have the role of the first-year rep to be more defined
****help out the academic chairs
****help the social chairs to incorporate the first-years into the social activities more 
**General concerns:
***want the first-years to get to know each other
***maybe look at two positions – or would that make the board too big?
**Feedback from first-years present 
***all are worried about work load and balancing such a commitment
**Conclusion
***Initial objective to just let them see the ropes and help to out with 
***Encourage the first-years to attend the next meeting and then let them vote once they have a better idea
*Monthly meeting schedule
**Diana will email the board members to work out an appropriate time
*ASA room reservations
**Diana will talk to Jordan, Maxine and academic chairs will be added to the list.

==Undergraduate Committee (Jason)==
*Diana and Barry can step in if Jason cannot make it
*There will be three meetings during the fall semester
*The position – to have a graduate student on the academic undergrad committee for curriculum development, representing TAing, curriculum development, mentoring etc… graduate student voice on the board

 
==Treasurer (Jordan)==
*If you are making purchases, keep your receipts and turn them into Mariann Murray in the academic office
*You cannot be reimbursed for sales tax, instead you need to  use the tax exempt form.  If you need a copy of the tax exempt form, email Jordan.
*When you buy something, please email Jordan to ensure  expenses are kept up to date
*Budget numbers on agenda only covers 90% because of the 10% overhead
*Numbers have been altered due to the use of funds over the summer… for updated number talk to Jordan, he will email out individual groups.
*Receipts much be itemized

==Academics (Danielle, Nancy)==
*Industrial Seminar Series
**Currently, the have three people for industrial seminars
**first opening is for the first or second week of October
**if you know anyone who you think would be interesting to invite, contact the industrial reps
**Maxine – bimonthly, seemed like too much and now belief that cutting back to once a month might be better
**Even though we only seem to need one more if we go to once a month, any contacts you have would be greatly appreciated
**Previous seminar speakers from a class Steve and Pete taught
**Ben C: meeting with Dan Darling – correlation between undergrad internships and industrial contacts, just passing information along at this point
* First Year Advisee - Graduate Student Advisor Events
**previous lack of interaction,
**last year did two pizza dinner events to get advisee/advisor events
**suggest an event in IAP to help with advisor selection process
**make sure to coordinate with the TAs for events:

==Social Committee (Megan M, Ricard, Shan)== 
*September TGIF – flat top Jonnies: Sept 23rd, Friday
*Future endeavors – possible bowling TGIF
*BE.526 – quick information email needs to be sent for how to run the TGIF events, contact Mariann Murray , Megan McBee or Ricardo Brau for information
*Ben C: new TGIF question – can we have new faculty members informally host the 526 events so that students can get to know them?

==Diversity Committee (Maxine)==
*Four main topics we would like to cover – series of lunches and movies to represent specific cultures
*Group will meet this month to discuss the whether to continue attempting to show movies or if there is a better alternative options
*Additional options under investigation:
**Also like to start inter-lab lunches, to allow labs to meet one another through some sort of presentation format
**Invite faculty members or academic representative to show how diversity has impacted their careers or path etc…
**Overall goal, to allow for small focused discussions on diversity issues, integration of minorities, fears, international student integration issues, objectives to find additional discusses at other BE events, aim for a discussion with moderation

==IM Sports (Dave and Kristen)==
*Waiting for the email about the new sports
*Potential expansion to informing the BE community about general sporting events and the resources available through the instititute.
*Communication of a broader set of information should be tried out on the wiki to minimize emails
 
==Volunteering (Lisa)==
*Want to have fun events, suggestions or recommendations are appreciated
*Suggestions:
**Danielle: bicycling advocacy event on the weekend of the 24th
**Jason: Water station on the marathon – must sign up early
**Hurricane Katrina Relief Effort 
***is there interest in clothing or food drive in the division? 
***It might be best if our approach has a local slant
***Can we become involved with helping visiting students adjusting?
***General email to students to let them know what is going on and how people can help

==GSC Representative (Megan P)==
*GSC is attempting to coordinate all of the graduate groups to allow a concerted effort
*First meeting last night, it was “interesting”
*Need signatures in order to become the official representative…
</div>
|}