{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

==Agenda - 5/4/06==
#'''[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]'''
#*Faculty Search Update
#**No candidates being given offers.  Search will continue.  Revise advertisement.  Keep your eyes open and the department is interested in input.
#*[[BE Board:Visiting committee|Visiting Committee Update]]
#**Turned out well.  Positive report from the committee.
#**The institute is going to make a comprehensive report on BE space.  OFfficial.  Apparently there is an actual piece of paper (highly prized)/
#'''[[BE Board:First-year representative|First year representative]]
#*Not present, no issues known
#'''[[BE Board:Community service chair|Community service chair]]'''
#*Charles River Conservancy event successful
#**Thank participants for help
#*Next event June or July - ideas?
#'''[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]'''
#*Money is fine, send receipts to Jordan.
#'''[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]'''
#*Industrial Seminar Series - extension into summer
#**Jeff Radding (Eli Lilly) – flying in from Indianapolis, split cost with Forest, May 19th
#**Bart Hendriks (Former BE Grad student) coming in August 10th
#**Laura Garwin (Bauer CGR/Harvard/Nature) have both accepted, June 15th
#**Bryan Baynes (Codon Devices) – September 22nd
#**Moving to the BE Thursday seminar slot for the Summer
#**Aram Adourian (BG Medicine) – Matsudaira lab, systems biology platform, VP computation science, July
#**Talk with Dan Darling about cross coordinating with speakers, may have contacts, suggestion to renew connection.
#*Additional study breaks
#**Nancy is heading up, not sure what is going on.
#**Quals, June 5th 
#**Coordinate to 420 exam viewing session, after the 26th 
#'''[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]'''
#*Next TGIF in May?
#**Sailing Pavilion has not responded about the 19th or 26th 
#**Follow up with Pavillion, maybe pull in 
#*Camping 9th-11th June – waiting to reserve interval
#*Sports/ Olympics in June or July – buy this fiscal year
#*Maybe extra money to fund Summer 526 following industrial seminar series
#*Maybe schedule a second sailing TGIF in June?
#'''[[BE Board:Diversity events|Diversity representative]]'''
#*Not much new
#*May 8th interlab lunch
#*June 1st Chinese Lunch
#*Meeting to decide what to do for next year – sometime in June
#'''[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]'''
#*Spring Sports
#*New funds – needed for bat ($270)
#*Softball – only non-competitive team, league 4 5:30 or 8:30 during the week
#*Email Dave if you’d like to play to be added to the list
#'''[[BE Board:Undergraduate curriculum liaison|UG curriculum representative]]'''
#*Working on scheduling Linda for the last curriculum chat
#'''[[BE Board:GSC representative|GSC representative]]'''
#*GSC meeting last night
#*Transition meeting
#*New officers took over
#*New committee on diversity
#*Library system is doing renovations, looking for graduate student feedback
#*Course 6 put forward a letter considering for pass/fail on graduate student courses, would have to be done at an institute level
#*Put up a discussion on the wiki to see what people think
#*No structure to how this will be implemented yet
#*Funding from GSC – another representative, $500, must submit an email to request money from GSC VP, receipt taken to the GSC office
#*Try offering position to First years
#*Have difficulties getting people to take the positions
#'''[[BE Board:Newsletter| Newsletter]]'''
#*Draft was approved
#'''[[BE Board:T-Shirt Design| Course 20 T-shirts]]'''
#*Talk with division and BMES about codirecting the event
#*Increase design prize to $100 gift certificate
#Other 
#*Naming – switching to course 20 or stay with BE
#*May need to rename ourselves graduate student board – make a better definition of who we are, who we represent