{{BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

Date: 03/01/2005<br>
Time: 6:00pm<br>
Place: 56-302<br>

==Attendees==
Kathryn Armstrong, Jon Behr, Ricardo Brau, Barry Canton, Diana Chai, Brian Cook, Ben Cosgrove, Jordan Green, Nancy Guillen, Paul Huang, Maxine Jonas, Hyung-Do Kim, Ricardo Llamas Vidales, Nick Marcantonio, Megan McBee, Amy Nichols, Nate Tedford, Shan Wu, Ben Zeskind. 
 
==BE Coffee Machine in the 56-3rd Floor Lunchroom==
- A new & fancy coffee machine has been lent to BE for a one-month free try! 
 
==Social Events (Kathryn, Megan & Nate)==
*TGIF “Floor & roller hockey” on March 18, 2005 with Profs. Drew Endy, Darrell Irvine, Roger Kamm, Matt Lang, and David Schauer. 
 
==GSC Status (Jordan & Ben Z.)==
*The BE Student Board just got granted ASA recognition!  After a one-year approbatory period, the student group will get reviewed. 
*A BE Student Board constitution has been written.  A non-hazing form has been signed. 
*Some GSC money will be allocated to the BE Student Board this spring semester. 
*During a recent GSC general counsel meeting, the subjects addressed, beyond discussions on internal regulations, were (1) advising, (2) additions 
to the MIT non-discriminatory policy: no indication of marital/partner status and parental status should be asked from faculty members, (3) opening of Institute GSC functions. 
 
==IM Sports (Barry & Brian)==
*Hockey jerseys have been purchased for $272; a financial contribution may be requested from next year’s hockey players. 
*T-shirts have been ordered for $192. 
*Spring IM sports are about to start.  BE will line up teams in table tennis, volleyball. 
*The registration for the 2005 MIT Octathlon (over President’s Day weekend: April 16-19, 2005) will soon open.  
 
==BE Diversity (Jon, Nate & Maxine)==
*A forum opened to students and post-docs will be held once the official MIT grievance process is over (by summer 2005). 
*What type of spring event do we want to organize? A cultural luncheon followed by a mediated discussion? 
 
==Seminar lunch this Thursday==
*Another faculty candidate, Elebeoba May, is presenting during the BE seminar on March 3, 2005.   
*Doug Lauffenburger would like members of the BE Board to interact with her if possible, by attending the pizza lunch for instance. 
 
==Community Service (Bree & Diana)==
*Volunteering with a food bank or with the Bread & Jam soup kitchen are being reviewed. 

==Interview Weekend==
The BE Recruitment weekend will be held on March 11-12, 2005. 
*28 interviewees will participate. 
*Q&A session: make sure that the Applied Biosciences track is well represented by the discussion panel. 
*Try and be present on Saturday as well! 
*The restaurants picked for the Friday night outing will be the Bombay Club, Polcari’s, and Johns Harvard. 
*A zero year party is being organized by the first years.  It will occur at Edgerton on Friday, March 11, 2005 at 8pm. A $5 entrance fee will be 
instituted.  
*Nancy will coordinate the collection of money: One representative from each year will solicit their classmates and centralize the contribution of their year; or should we hand a hat at the party? 
*Beer will be purchased (~ 200 bottles).  Since there will be no interviews on Saturday this year, more alcohol is expected to be consumed than the 
previous years ☺ 
 
==BE Retreat (Nick, Ben C., Nate, Kathryn, Megan)==
*Things are getting finalized at this point.  No specific feedback is required. 
*Please submit your poster abstract. 
*Special sessions will be offered, such as (1) Grants & Career Development: John Essigman, (2) Open Source Technology: Noubar Afeyan, (3) Ethics on Genome Synthesis and Genome Intellectual Property 
*BE post-docs or senior students should be encouraged to present a 15-minute talk. 
 
==BE Industrial Seminar Series (Nick, Nate, & Maxine)==
*The bi-monthly agenda is filled up through the end of May 2005. 
*IBM Life Sciences & Wolf Greenfield have been contacted. 
*A site visit of Pfizer Research Technology Center in Cambridge, MA, is being organized thanks to Dr. Keith Hoffmaster’s help. 
 
==BE Handbook (Ben C. & Nick)==
*Write-ups from the Diversity & Mediation groups are still needed. 
 
==First-year issues==
*A BE semi-formal would be fun: How receptive would the ensemble of the student body be? 
*A regular delivery of paper should be ensured to supply the BE lounge printer.  Mariann Murray will be contacted
</div>
|}