{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

==Draft Agenda - 08/06/07==
#'''[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]'''
#*Elections
#**Nomination requests will go out in the next week or so
#**Elections will be run if there is contention for certain positions
#**Request for all current board members to recruit individuals to fill their positions
#**Some concerns about the timing needed to get the new GSC representative to the first GSC meeting and submit their registration in time too
#**Need to update position descriptions online and send out with email announcing nominations
#**Possibly add an additional social chair to help out with planning activities
#*Undergraduate Organization
#**They have an established budget which has been submitted and approved by Doug
#**They should hold elections in September once they start up classes again
#*Student lounge space
#**Meeting with Doug to discuss space allocation
#**Waiting to hear back about when student reps can meet with the architects to discuss specific details, wall construction etc
#'''[[BE Board:First-year representative|First year representative]]'''
#*No issues or concerns
#'''[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]'''
#*Up-to-date figures were presented, without BE/ChemE BBQ numbers included
#*Based on budget submitted to Doug, there is about $1000 to play with for events in August (Academic and Social?)
#'''[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]'''
#*Teach Seminar
#**Planned teaching seminar in August
#**Will parallel as the department's TA specific training
#**Plan to have drinks and appetizers following at CBC
#*Industrial Seminar Series
#**Speaker for August has postponed until September
#**Two speakers lined up in september
#**Nidhi will plan and run the early seminar in Sept and pass off the second one to the incoming academic rep
#'''[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]'''
#*TGIF and BBQ recaps
#**Success all around
#**Renewed interest in splitting aways from ChemE to have our own separately large summer social event
#*Beach BBQ (July/August) - [$500 budgeted]
#**Probably not based on the previous events run in June/ July
#**However, funding does exist if there is something they want to plan
#'''[[BE Board:Community service chair|Community service chair]]'''
#*First event in July was successful
#*Second event in August did not have adequate turnout and had to be canceled
#*Suggestion to combine a community service event with a social event to increase turnout
#'''[[BE Board:Diversity events|Diversity representative]]''' 
#*Nothing has been accomplished here, simple lack of time on the part of the coordinators, sorry.
#'''[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]'''
#*Inventory list is up to date and online
#*Supplies have been added to the closet
#*Five T-shrits left over from this year, probably need to order more in the fall
#'''[[BE Board:GSC representative|GSC representative]]'''
#*We're getting $750 to reimburse for the Sailing BBQ
#*Concerns about the turnover of responsibiliites with the incoming representative and the associated paperwork
</div>
|}