*Date: 3/2/06
*Location: 56-302
*Time: 12pm

==Coordinators==
*Q and A panel
**After lunch next Friday March 17th, 1:30ish
**2 per year in general
**Board will send out email to student
*Faculty candidates
**Four candidates will be interviewing with the division
**No specific area for the faculty search
**BE Board will summarize student comments and provide specific feedback to the division
**Everyone shoud try to make it to the lunches and seminars, the more comments the better
*Visiting committee 
**Every two years, a committee comes to visit the department, 
**The committe provides the deparment and MIT with constructive feedback
**April 19th anad 20th , 
**The board will put together a panel of undergraduate and graduate students
**Need to give concise, specific feedback and will probably rely on the feedback from the surveys over the past year
*Website 
**Old BE Board website has been redirected to the Wiki pages
**any problems with redirect let Amy know 
**Directory information has been received from Dalia and will appear on the site in the near future 
**Board will send an email to students about change in pages

==First Year Representative==
*Recruitment 
**Any recommendations from the upper classman should be sent to Sean
**Recommendations: don’t take them in the basement 
**A non-official party is currently being planned
*Dentistry 
**Article in the GSC magazine, most recent
**BU dental has had bad reviews so far because it can be time consuming and poor scheduling
**GSC has a subcommittee, but it seems to be really slow going

==Diversity Representative==
*Russian lunch next Tuesday the 7th
*April 12th – seminar from Harvard Diversity Provost
*Interlab lunch last month went well

==Community Service Chair==
*Msrathon information is on the wiki if people are interested
*Nothing currently on the calander

==Treasurer==
*Money is fine, updated budget on the wiki
*New funds – about 800 if people have ideas

==Academic Representatives==
*Retreat is shaping up a lot more
*Want input for Monday night dinner discussions 
**One page of background to get discussions started
**Every group will then synthesize some sort of cartoon or list to present the following day after the poster session, before lunch
**More topics on the more light hearted side
**At the meeting we discussed [[Dinner Discussion|topics]] list and assigned things to people
*Study breaks 
**more?, 2 per semester?  
**Need an additional $100 in order to pull it off
**It would be nice to do the pre-quals one
*Industrial seminar series 
**Still waiting on responses from people they have been contact
*Retreat Speaker – CEO of Greenfield, using algae to make energy 

==Social Chairs==
*Retreat 
**Beach outing with various sports
**Trail outing
**Running lead by roger Kamm
*Snowriders 
**Not many people are signed up, but lots of people are going
*Skating on Saint Patricks day, March 17th – potential to try curling

==Athletics  Chairs==
*Spring sports getting under way
**Softball for sure – probably only one team, only about 20 people at the moment
**Interest in squash, trying to setup some sort of tournament through IM
*KFC Hockey league last game on Sunday
*Shirts are still being handed out – email Dave if necessary

==UG Curriculum Representative==
*Cirriculum chat – Forest and Doug – went very well
*Another one with Linda talking about how the curriculum works together
	
==GSC Representative==
*Meeting last night – new president 
*ARC academinic and research committee – award nominations are now open, if we want to start recognizing students
*Task force on diversity – Diversity report is on the GSC website
*New residents hall 
**graduate students upset about lack of input
**ashdown being turned into under grad dorm
**if you want to get involved check the GSC website
*Harvard/MIT dance party on March 19th on the Harvard campus (Dudley house)

==Other Comments==	
*Newletter – GSC section