{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">
==Meeting Minutes - 6/8/06==
12pm 56-754
#'''[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]'''
#*Congrats to the first years finishing their qualifying exams
#*BE Board elections in August
#** Mid-August elections, start thinking about planning your campaign.
#** Consider recruiting additional people to join the Board
#'''[[BE Board:Secretary|Secretary]]'''
#*T-shirt competition
#**Insufficient designs – maybe?
#**Offer free shirts to the two people who submitted designs
#**Push for additional designs from specific individuals by June 15th
#**Open voting June 15th and alter other deadlines accordingly
#*Newsletter
#**Draft for next week
#**Paper distribution via elevator stacks
#**If you have dates or things to add to the newsletter, email it to Amy
#'''[[BE Board:First-year representative | First year representative]]'''
#*Not in attendance.  No issues known.
#'''[[BE Board:Community service chair|Community service chair]]'''
#*Charles River Cleanup
#*Next event in the near future
#*Want to give out an award for outstanding community service
#'''[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]'''
#*Proposed budget and revisions
#**Stayed on Budget this year
#**Keep budget roughly the same
#**Add New events funds
#**10% fund fee included explicitly
#**Diversity funding is going to increase by $100
#**Athletics – request additional funds for equipment or just shifted off of shirts and keep net funds the same
#**New event fund still has significant funds  - what are we going to do with it?
#***Suggestion for videotaping BATS and Thursday seminar, acquisition of a video camera
#***Next step is to talk to the department
#***A little more work to make it certificate protected
#***Stellar site might be the best way to go about it because they would take hosting responsibilities
#***Additional suggestions – BE Olympics revival
#***Try to get it handed off to departmental staff
#***Potential cost constraint if there is overhead involved
#**Email revised edition out and see if there are any necessary changes
#'''[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]'''
#*Have speakers for the summer
#*Next seminar – next Thursday afternoon
#*Addiitional speakers for July, Aug, Sept
#*Continue the BE526 following the ISS seminars for the summer
#**Pay for 526 with academic and social funds from the board
#**May attempt to get the 1st years to organize one, following in the footsteps of the 
#'''[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]'''
#*June camping trip
#**Camping trip details have been given to participants
#*Summer sports BBQ
#**Leftovers from canceled sailing BBQ
#**Intend to make purchases in June to put it in this fiscal year
#**Probably scheduled for mid-July
#*Suggest rescheduling sailing TGIF/event
#**Look into midnight sailing
#'''[[BE Board:Diversity events|Diversity representative]]''' 
#*Division wide meeting next week
#**Most of the future planning will occur next week
#**Hold elections in August along with the BE Board
#*Seminar scheduled for October
#'''[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]'''
#*Not present
#'''[[BE Board:Undergraduate curriculum liaison|UG curriculum representative]]'''
#*Not present
#'''[[BE Board:GSC representative|GSC representative]]'''
#*Not present
</div>
|}