==Minutes - 11/19/07==
#'''[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]'''
#*First-year representative elections week of 11/5-9
#**Welcome Francisco Delgado!
#*Graduate Student Lounge Plans Finalized
#**plans for student lounges finalized, not much has changed since the last time
#**next door to the UG lounge
#*E-mail Digest
#**idea: instead of randomly emailing activities, email a digest of department-related announcements... maybe once/week ?
#**unanimously agree that there are TOO many emails coming out the office, every seminar annouced 3x3 times.
#**the office says this is important for encouraging participation...
#*Undergraduate Student Board Update
#**they're making Tshirts
#**parallel (to BE graduate Board) wiki/website set up
#**Get Undergraduate Social Chairs on BE Holiday Party Planning Committee?
#'''[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]'''
#*TGIF Wine Tasting
#**Nov 30, tech square
#**co-sponsored with diversity and academic again?
#*Holiday party on the 14th
#*BE Holiday Party
#'''[[BE Board:First-year representative|First year representative]]'''
#*No big issues except for hardware troubles in 007
#'''[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]'''
#*Funds for Monthly Newsletter: we're ok
#*no IM jersey expenses this year, so we should definitely be fine w/money
#*remember to submit your receipts to Mariann with your name on them, make a copy for your records, and email me.
#'''[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]'''
#*2007 Survey Results: online
#*Each committee should look thru the survey results, esp comments
#**feedback on newsletter... include new research coming out of the dept, see website
#**MIT news office: Scott going to talk with them about highlighting dept research
#**Career dinner idea
#**startup group lunches again
#*Do students want to have a general Q&A with doug? He's happy to host.
#*How to increase attendance at department seminars?
#**Topics this semester not interesting to some.. maybe having younger faculty host/invite isn't the best idea?
#**Maybe move to lunch hour and provide food?
#*ISS tomorrow
#*We want more study breaks say first years!
#'''[[BE Board:Community service chair|Community service chair]]'''
#*Sponsorship of Toy Drive through Christmas in the City: do we have $ for this? Can we advertise this on the department website and via mass e-mails to the department?
#*Pine Street Inn (Boston) on Saturday, December 1st (Evening)
#'''[[BE Board:Diversity events|Diversity representative]]''' 
#*no updates
#'''[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]'''
#*no basketball due to lack of interest
#*Tennis took the championship in A league!
#*hockey?
#'''[[BE Board:GSC representative|GSC representative]]'''
#*GSC Funding Board (deadline 12/3)
#**funding board: GSC gets applications for events, ~$50-$1000, shan is on it
#*GSC money to use by Feb 15 - $750
#*Two-dollar Tuesdays: nice buffet dinner at Walker, we can do it as a dept and reserve tickets (they sell out really fast)