*Date: 2/2/06
*Location: 56-602
*Time: 12pm

==Coordinators==
*Student Directory 1st draft
**Dalia is MIA, but there is a draft on the wiki, send comments to Barry or edit the file directly on the wiki, it has sorting potential
**Once we get the data from Dalia it is pretty easy to just input it
**We will put in basic student information and then if students want to edit their pages, then they will have to sign up for an account
*Suitable meeting times for this semester
**Strategy – send out a couple potential times and get responses from people via email
*New event fund – Doug is in favor, budget is for 1000 dollars currently

==First year rep==
*Suggestion for India food at the study break
*007 improvements – need to fix the sofa, contact Mariann
*Request for Hammocks
	
==Community service chair==
*Bread and Jams – extremely helpful, good turn out, 14 people, lots of fun
*Suggestions are appreciated
*Marathon – not signing up because we would need to make a large commitment, too stringent a 
commitment, not a casual event
*Information for individual signup for the marathon is available
*Idea – charity run or walk

==Treasurer==
*Everything is fine with funding, records are matching
*About half way through funds
*Social chairs request an update on their funds
*Request to post data on wiki

==Academic representatives==
*Retreat planning
**Jay is emphasizing poster sessions
**Three poster sessions
**Proceeded  by two presentation by poster presenters (Grad stud or Post Doc)
**Need help sorting abstracts and selecting speakers
**The website is up, Doug email
**Titles due next Monday, should have received an email from advisor
**Board will send another email to all students
**Monday night dinner – designate a very broad topic to start a discussion, objective is to encourage broad discussion on scientific topics, double up topics, topics are currently on the wiki
**Jay wants feedback – any ideas, need some sort of way to produce feedback	
*Study breaks for 1st years
**To help students decide on a lab – most students in a lab
**How to start doing research
**All students will be invited
**Thinking about doing this next week
**More of a seminar approach
**Probably next Thursday after 

==Social chairs==
*Retreat planning
**Factory tours, potato chips, and Ben and Jerry’s
**Also take equipment to play with on the beach
**Discounts for the spa and golf at the hotel
**Two rooms for poker and dance party on Monday night
*Snowriders ski trip - march 5th, 15 spots
**bus – $19
**bus/lift – $65
**Department discount of fifteen dollars
**How to deal with limited slots
**try to coordinate with cars driving up too
*Feb TGIF
**Not sure right now, will get back to us


==Diversity rep==
*Diversity potluck report
**went well
**interesting conversation	
*Inter-lab lunch today
*Russian cultural lunch coming up next – maybe?

==Athletic chairs==
*The shirts, the shirts – they have arrived and are ready to be distributed
*Email out to sports coordinators, distribute to the people who need them at a BE event
*Shirts – 68 shirts, 10 are preorders, first and second years will be covered and next fall hopefully
*Sports – two hockey teams, softball coming , ultimate coming, maybe

==UG curiiculum rep==
*BE.320 curriculum chat report – went well

==GSC representative==
*No GSC meeting since we last met
*Anything interesting will be forwarded onto the board

==Academic career advising event==
*spring – women’s mentoring event
*Biology department had career advising over IAP
*Budget is maxing out
*Follow up from the retreat discussions, maybe?

==Other comments==
*Alumni – try to keep them up to date and encourage them to give money and come back for some crazy reason
*Transfer to the wiki and dump the old website 
*Add MIT to the banner or add a logo somewhere on the main page on openwetware