{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

==Draft Agenda - 7/13/06==
* Meeting at 12 pm in 56-614
#'''[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]'''
#*BE Board elections in August
#**Announcement early August and ask for nominations
#**Elections around the 12th of the month
#**Joint meeting in late August, early September
#**Request that current board members update the descriptions and responsibilities of their positions
#**Also try to recruit more people to participate
#**Discussion of possibly altering or redefining positions
#***Designate the academic chairs in terms of the retreat planning responsibilities
#***Specific request to have more than one person assigned to cover the retreat
#***Previously, anyone on the board who was interested was asked to help
#***Try a more active recruiting process from outside the board
#**Designate one academic representative for academic mentoring specifically
#***This would include the academic career events and curriculum chat
#**Clarify academic representative descriptions 
#**Should we continue the undergraduate representative?
#***Incorporate a role as a second GSC representative
#***Possibly incorporate this role with the academic mentoring representative
#***Incorporate GSC representative in social chairs in order to use additional funds for events
#*BE MEng students
#**Situation is rectified, they are on the "be-list" list now
#**Undergraduates are not currently on this list, we think
#*BE Board Storage Space
#**Suggested using the closet in the computer lab, closet is not lockable
#**Meant for storing sports equipment
#*BE Board google calendar access & updating
#**Google calendar embedded on the wiki currently
#**Editing priveldges are not currently correct, need to add users
#'''[[BE Board:Secretary|Secretary]]'''
#*T-shirt competition/orders
#**Recruiting class representatives
#**Faculty and staff will receive an email from me with drop boxes on Olga and Jo-Ann’s desk for collections
#**Hopefully it will get going in the next few days
#*Newsletter
#**Start back up in the fall, no time now.
#'''[[BE Board:First-year representative|First year representative]]'''
#*Students attempting to pair off with in the incoming first year for advising
#*Last year we encouraged advisors to contact advisees
#*Contact should happen before students show up
#'''[[BE Board:Community service chair|Community service chair]]'''
#*Nothing currently known, rep absent
#'''[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]'''
#*Budget for 2007-2008
#**Budget was sent on to Doug and he gave a reserved yes
#**Have a 5-10% reserve of additional money
#**Had a fair number of additional events this year
#**New events fund, still under discussion – Doug was sent an email and we are waiting on the response.
#'''[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]'''
#*Summer ISS talks
#**July 13: Aram Adourian
#***Will move to fall, failed to reach him this week
#**July 28: Laura Garwin
#**August 10: Bart Hendriks
#**September 22: Bryan Baynes
#*Annual Survey
#**Normally do during the ChemE/BE BBQ
#**Decide on questions before the new board is formed
#**Run the survey when the new board is assembled
#**Make sure to run the survey before classes start so that people have time to answer the quesitons
#'''[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]'''
#*Summer sports BBQ
#**This Saturday, sunny and hot
#**Kresge BBQ pit from 4-7pm, lots of food
#**Softball diamond from 3-5pm
#**Croquet and Bocce setup 
#*BE/ChE Annual BBQ
#**August 4th, 4-7pm, Blue ribbon BBQ
#*Reorganizing TGIF
#**Camping just needs a key holder and someone else take point
#**Sailing, can do whenever people are interested
#'''[[BE Board:Diversity events|Diversity representative]]''' 
#*Fraenkel-Lang-Samson Interlab Lunch – July 26th
#*BE Diversity Korean Lunch – Aug 8th
#*BE seminar schedules for early October – speaker from the office of minority teaching at MIT
#'''[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]'''
#*Request for storage space, look into options offered by the department (above)
#'''[[BE Board:Undergraduate curriculum liaison|UG curriculum representative]]'''
#'''[[BE Board:GSC representative|GSC representative]]'''
#*Last meeting was short
#*The budget is online
#*Potentially organizing a graduation formal
#*Six flags trip, Foxwood trip, river rafting trip
</div>
|}