{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

Date: 08/30/2006 <br>
Time: 12:00pm <br>
Place: 56-614 <br>

==The New BE Board==
*Welcome new BE Board members.  Contact Amy or Sean for any questions and concerns.
*BE Board website is based on openwetware.  Contact Amy for issues.  There is a mailing list for each board position. 
*Meeting times will be set during first week of classes. 
*Elections for the first-year rep will be held in October.
*Please, be aware of the institute hazing policy.  

==T-Shirt Competition==
*Amy will continue the competition efforts.
*There may be a $3 coupon towards the T-shirt purchase offered if the annual survey is filled out.

==Spending BE Board Money==
*Use tax exempt form; tax cannot be reimbursed.  Submit itemized receipts to Mariann.  Email the treasurer with the amount spent.
*There are some excess funds with the New Events Fund.  
*Keep the 10% overhead cost in mind - only 90% of your allocated budget is available for spending.  

==Academic events==
*Industrial Seminar Series scheduled for September 2 with Bryan Baynes

==Annual BE Survey==
*Both the old and new academic reps will revamp the annual survey.  Sean will contact Aran Parillo and Ben Cosgrove for assistance. 
*The questions are intended to sample opinions regarding all aspects of the graduate education within BE from the entire graduate student community, not just the BE Board.  
*Please, provide input about the questions.  There is a discussion forum on Wiki.

==Social Events==
*An unofficial First-Year Welcome Party has been scheduled for September 9. 
*A Flat Top Johnny's or Sailing TGIF will be set up early in the academic year.

==Diversity Events==
*Nancy Guillen is the new BE diversity representative.  
*Diversity events will include BE diversity seminars, cultural lunches, interlab lunches, and recruiting visits to undergraduate instutition representing underrepresented minorities.

==Athletic events==
*The summer season ended successfully.  The fall sports meeting is coming up.  
*We are accepting sports equipment donations and are looking into obtaining a locker for the equipment. 

==Undergraduate Curriculum Representative==
*There is no longer a UG curriculum representative; this position has been consolidated into the Academic Chair position. 
*There will be an extensive UG curriculum review by the faculty during the faculty retreat. 
*Linda Griffith is the head of the undergraduate curriculum.  She invited a couple of graduate students to provide feedback on the curriculum.  
*The curriculum chat events received good feedback and will be continued.  
*Annual survey may be used to obtain graduate student feedback about the curriculum

==GSC Meeting==
*The GSC is looking for volunteers for orientation events.  
*MIT students are eligible for BU dental plans.
*There is an initiative SGCO for instituting a pass/fail option for graduate courses.
*We are still in search for a GSC rep.  Next meeting is on September 6.