{{Template:BE Board}}
{|  
|- valign="top"
|width=740px class="MainPageBG" style="border: 5px solid #2D9258; color: #000000; background-color: #FFFFFF"|
<div style="padding: .4em .9em .9em">

*Date - 11/03/05
*Location - 56-614
*Time - 12-1pm

==[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]==
*Welcome [[BE Board:First-year representative|new first year representative]] - [[Sean Clarke]]
*Report on faculty retreat discussing [[BE Board:Graduate Program Review|Graduate Program Review]]
**Appreciated student feedback
**Faculty were receptive
**Presentation is linked to from the wiki
**Three major points: TA requirement, Curriculum(400), Career oriented mentoring
**Faculty concerns:
***Funding for graduate program if it were to expand
***Scope of the graduate program verses depth
**Graduate students will be sent a summary of the meeting in the near future
*[[BE Board:Student directory|Student Directory]]
**Dalia is willing to help and supply the necessary information
**Dalia will also investigate the legal implications 
*[[BE Board:New event fund|New event fund]]
**Extra money left over from last year, also GSC may give us additional funding for community and interdepartmental events
**Objective of this fund is to encourage people to be inventive with regard to new activities
**Consider including such a fund in the budget next year, extra funds will suffice for this year
==[[BE Board:First-year representative|First year representative]]==
*No issues, request cleaning services from administration for first year offices
*420/430 workload is intensive 
==[[BE Board:Community service chair|Community service chair]]==
*Thanksgiving food drive
**Nov 1-15th, 42 items so far, goal is 200
**Spread the word, person to person contact is probably best
*Report on community service event 1, Nov 19th
**Good initial interest, but many people dropped out at the last minute
**Very easy to get to, had fun
*Future projects
**Christmas in the city - toy drive
**Bread and Jams - Sign up for Jan 22, 2-5pm
==[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]==
*Spent approximately 25% of our budget
==[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]==
*Update on annual survey
**Still in the process of analyzing the numbers
**Final data will be emailed to the board
**Feedback on a student directory was generally positive to include email and lab
**Further details at the next meeting
*ISS
**Nov 18th, Zach Schiver
**Additional ideas or contacts are always appreciated
*Retreat
**First meeting, Nov 7th
**Jay Han is in charge this year
**To be held the weekend of March 25th in Hyannis on Cape Cod
==[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]==
*TGIF's
**Brewery Tour with Al went well
**Fall BBQ also a success
**Future events: Nov - Game night, Dec - No TGIF
**Other ideas: Looking into F1 racing, but we may need to team with another department or the off campus office to help with the cost.
==[[BE Board:Diversity events|Diversity representative]]==
*Carribean lunch - Thur Nov 17th
*Diversity speaker - Dec 14th, Christopher Jones
==[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]==
*Shirt designs will soon be on the web for voting
*All Fall sports have started except for Pistol
*T-shirt ordering 
**requesting additional funding from the board in order to outfit all current IM players with new shirts
**proposal and detaiils at the next meeting for 45-60 shirts
==[[BE Board:Undergraduate curriculum liaison|UG curriculum representative]]==
*[[BE Board:Curriculum chat|Curriculum chat]] + meeting with Linda/David
**Drew speaking Nov 3rd, 6-7:30pm in 56-614 about BE 180
**Linda and David are interested and willing to sit down with the board and other people who are interested to talk about the curriculum, an issue of scheduling
*(Bio)ethics requirements
**Talked about this at the retreat
**Starting a group to discuss and attempt to spearhead a movement
==[[BE Board:GSC representative|GSC representative]]==
*Grad ring event
**Event with ChemE, sponsored by the grad rat group
*The Academic, research, and careers committee - conducted a survey and found people were interested in getting more information about ethics, attempting to develop some sort of initiative
*Advising survey, want to discuss with department heads about how best to advise students, including conflict resolution
</div>
|}