==Meeting Minutes - 06/11/07==
'''Attendance'''
*Kristen Bernick, Justin Buck, Sean Clarke, Ta-Chun Hang, Bonnie Huang, Hyung-Do Kim, Ranjani Krishnan, Brandon Kwong, Amy Nichols, Robin Prince, Mike Schmidt, Nidhi Shrivastav, Sonia Timberlake, Rachel Miller, Ranjani Krishnan, Lorenna Lee-Houghton, Shan Wu,

'''[[BE Board:Coordinator|Coordinators]]'''
*Update on BE undergraduate organization
**One undergraduate event in past May, the event was successful.  There will be one more in the fall. 
**Organizational structure: undergraduates will attend BE Board meetings for now until they are able to operate independently.  Elections will occur in the fall.
**Undergraduates will be invited to TGIF - BE Board members raised the issue that inviting undergraduates will cause administrative problems in planning social activities.  We might have to resort to inviting undergraduates to only a few events. 
**Currently, there is no plan for integrating BMES or conflicting with BMES
*Diversity Lunch
**Sean is proposing to have an event to increase 'cultural' diversity - art, in this case.  Sean's girlfriend is currently a Professor in art at University of Massachusetts and could be invited to give a talk about Neuroscience in art?  There would be no restrictions on food. 
*Renovations in 56-614/Undergraduate Lounge
**There exists disparity between faculty and students about which chairs they prefer.  Email Amy if you want to be involved in renovation process.
**Undergraduate lounge will be in the basement of 56. Undergraduates will be contacted about renovation. 

'''[[BE Board:First-Year Rep|First-Year Rep]]'''
*Qualifying exams
**are over and results are in.

'''[[BE Board:Treasurer|Treasurer]]'''
*Budget cycle
**End of budget cycle is approaching (although we are not sure when that is).

'''[[BE Board:Academic representative|Academic representatives]]'''
*Curriculum chat
**Curriculum chat with Natalie went well, additional attendance by synthetic biology experts
*Summer events
**Stem cell process with Whitehead and Harvard - happy hour with experts in stem cell field?

'''[[BE Board:Social chair|Social chairs]]'''
*TGIF
**Last month: R&D pub
**There will be four more TGIFs:
***Sailing Pavillion, tentatively June 29
***Softball BBQ at Kresge Pit, tentatively July 21 (Saturday)
***Beach trip for July/August - budget is an issue.
*BE-ChemE BBQ
**Last year, we contributed $1000 to split the event with ChemE.
**Need to check with ChemE since no budget has been allocated.

'''[[BE Board:Athletic chair|Athletic chairs]]'''
*Current sports
**Softball teams are in full gear
*Inventory
**List will be on wiki
**Should locks be only open to captains?

'''[[BE Board:GSC Rep|GSC rep]]'''
*GSC Meeting
**$40 charge for students by DAPER for use of gym during the summer.

'''[[Other suggestions]]'''
*Alumni and Graduation
**Should we have alumni come to give us advices about how to get through Ph.D. program.
**Email list for social events - for alumni.