==BE board Meeting Minutes: September 13, 2007==

#Old board members:
#*Please update you descriptions on the wiki
#*Please update the email lists - go into moira
#New board members:
#*everyone responsible for updating website/wiki!
#*need people to help out with the UG committee
#Tax Exempt forms: Amy will email out to the list.
#*most restuarants we order from will have a form, but
#*you need to state this in advance
#Board Budget (attached)
#*itemized, included projected amounts and actual amts from last year
#First year rep election 
#* coming up in october.
#Survey!
#*coming up quickly- need to update the questions.
#*results get presented at faculty mtg in late october. 
#*last year ~60-70 responses.
#*keep in mind: visiting committe coming in the spring
#Academic rep
#*Scott: Mentor/mentee event went great.
#ISS talks coming up: 
#*September 28th
#*Nidhi will meet with Luke and Venky to hand off responsabilities
#Social: 
#*TGIF next Friday at Flat Top Johnny's
#*Fall BBQ coming up and Olga excited! 
#Community Service: Grad student volunteer day 
#*this saturday, sept 15th. 
#*(register by tomorrow, sept 14th)
#Diversity:  Annual mtg sept 17th 5-6p  56-302
#*initiatives for the coming year, elections.
#*Sean, Amy, HD coordinating
#Tshirts: 
#* lots left, will check on sizes
#GSC: Shan & Alice
#*$250 / rep / semester 
#*+ $250 more for serving on additional committees
#BE BOARD: Picture! sometime soon...