[[Eccles_Lab | Eccles Lab]] > [[Eccles:_Lab_meeting_schedule | Lab meeting schedule]]

==Where and When==
All lab meetings are now held in Scott 205 seminar room, Scott 2nd floor, on Wednesdays from 4-5pm, unless otherwise noted.

The schedule of DGG Lab meetings for the year are outlined below: presenters can give an update about their own work, '''OR do a Journal Club-style talk''' about an interesting paper, OR report on interesting stuff from any conferences attended.

==March==
===March 8, Organisation===
===March 15, Coffee===
===March 22, Aaron===
===March 29, no meeting===

==April==
===April 5, <s>Jane</s> (cancelled, now on May 10)=== 
===April 12, Organisation===
'''Agenda'''
{{hide|1=
#Biosecurity Training
#Follow-up on April 5 DGG meeting (if time);
#*Improving top down communication flow within DGG.
#**CRC website usage for disseminating information.
#**Wikipedia for our lab group. ('''done''', AJ 12/04/2006)
#**NZSO conference attendance (Mike to send on info).
#*DSM has large pool of spare money for research use.
#**source of funding for equipment/travel etc.
#**Mike to let DGG know when DSM RAC meetings are.
#Department communication
#*Path email list needs moderated (actually, that's "un-moderated", and has been '''done'''. AJ).
#*Swipe card access work.
#Other business
#*Alternative venue for weekly lab meeting.
#*1st floor photocopier location.
#*generate expertise list for CRC or wiki.
#*protocols to go on CRC website (PDF format).
#*Minutes of DGG organisation meetings need recorded (who)?
}}

===April 19, Shujie===
===April 26, <s>Jody</s> (postponed)===

==May==
===May 3, Jess (and Jody)===
*Other Items
**Biohazard Trash
**Lab glassware

===May 10, Jane===
===May 17, Organisation===
'''Agenda'''
{{hide|1=
#Quick wiki tutorial by AJ.
#Other business (list below)
#*DSM equipment money?
}}

===May 24, Coffee===
===May 31, Grace===
*Grace, then comments from Mike et al. re place in the programme.
==June==
===June 7, <s>Hayden/Nicki</s>===
*IBSC audit reminder

===June 14, <s>Programme meeting</s> Nicki===
* Plan mid-winter Christmas party
* Jo's farewell
* Follow up on IBSC internal audit

===June 21, Hayden/Organisation===
'''Agenda'''
{{hide|1=
*HRC programme grant consumable funds top-up plan
**University of Otago Research Grant applications due July 3
**Other fund sources
*Equipment wish list up-date
*IBSC internal audit feedback
*External audit July sometime
*Technician position interviews this week
*Mike has applied for the new Chair of Cancer Pathology
*Office space
*Cupboards from 210
}}

===June 28, Coffee===
==July==
===July 5, no meeting===
===July 12, Aaron===
===July 19, Organisation (Scott 204)===
===July 26, Coffee Meeting===

==August==
===Aug 2   Adele===
*discuss and decide upon equipment.
===Aug 9   Lana (in Path Museum Area, Scott 205 unavailable)===

===Aug 16  Shujie (in Path Museum Area, Scott 205 unavailable)===
*Centrifuge lids in 203 [[User:Ajeffs|Ajeffs]] 04:55, 15 August 2006 (EDT).
*Paper in 2nd floor colour printer [[User:Ajeffs|Ajeffs]] 04:55, 15 August 2006 (EDT).

===Aug 23  Organisation===
*Data on dsmx1 [[User:Ajeffs|Ajeffs]] 04:59, 15 August 2006 (EDT).
**File system structure.
**Standards, or SOP-type stuff i.e. consistant way to do stuff.
**Data types and file formats.
*Illustrator training [[User:Ajeffs|Ajeffs]] 04:59, 15 August 2006 (EDT).
*General organisational stuff from Lucy

===Aug 30  Coffee===
==September==
===Sept 6  Jody===
===Sept 13 Jess===
===Sept 20 Mike===
*HRC renewal discussion
===Sept 27 Cherie===


==October==
===Oct 4  Organisation===
===<s>Oct 11 Coffee</s> postponed to next week===

===Oct 18 Coffee (post grant submissions)===
==November==
===November 1, Aaron===
===November 8, Adele===
===November 15, Lana===
===November 22, Cancelled===
===November 29, Coffee===

==December==
===December 6, Shujie===
===Lab Talks will resume in February. Happy Holidays!===