We are in [[IGEM:IMPERIAL/2007/Week2|Week 2]] of the iGEM project.


<calendar>
name=IGEM:IMPERIAL/2007/Calendar
date = 2007/08/01
view=threemonths
format=%name/%year-%month-%day
weekstart=7
</calendar>

== Proposals ==
The proposal should satisfy the following statements:
* The project is worthwhile
** It will contribute to the field of synthetic biology and the registry of parts
* The project is relevant to iGEM
** It is an engineering project, not a science project
* The project is sound
** There is real science to back up what the project needs to achieve
** A plan of action to complete the project (fit into the engineering cycle)
** A rough schedule, or at least an indication of time required for each stage of the project
* The group is able to complete the project
** Show an understanding of the lab work required
** Show that literature is available (list references)

A proposed format for the proposal is the following:
* Introduction
** What is the project? (Rough specification)
** Why is it worth pursuing?
** How is it relevant to iGEM?
* Background information and review of literature
** Summarise works relevant to the project
** Outline areas missing literature
* Project plan
** State the project objectives
** Explain how the project will be carried out to meet the objectives
** Break it down into constituent parts
** Identify possible areas of difficulty, and corresponding back-up strategies
** Identify techniques required (lab, modelling, etc.)
* Timeline
** Refer to engineering cycle
** Identify most time-consuming lab activities
** Show when each major stage should be completed by

Notes:
* Whenever possible, be quantitative
* Show understanding of the implications
* Outline the areas that are poorly understood (don't hide them)

== Task List ==
==== Students ====
*Understand structure of proposal
*Find list of new HRP literature
*Expand on contingency ideas
*Expand on HRP application ideas
*Develop outlines of proposal presentations

==== Supervisors ====


==Today's Schedule==

{| style="background:#F5FFFA; border: 1px solid #a4d4b0; color:Black"
|- style="background:#a4d4b0; color:Black"
| '''Name''' || Alex || Anthony || Ben || Cheuk || Dirk || James || Jerry || Lucas || Maira || Peixuan
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 0900
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || Briefing  ||  ||  ||  || 
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 0930
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || Journal Club ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1000
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || Journal Club<br> Discussion ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1030
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1100
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1130
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1200
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1230
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1300
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1330
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1400
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1430
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1500
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1530
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1600
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1630
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1700
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1730
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | 1800
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|- style="background:#d5e9d7"
| style="background:#a4d4b0" | Evening
||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  
|}

== Questions ==


== Debriefing ==

====Presentation/Discussion of current ideas====
'''Thermogenic system''' (as a contingency idea)

''Problems/Considerations''
*Research the viability of a plasma-based enzyme system, particularly with respect to the problem of possible clumping due to hydrophobicity
*Look into alternative enzyme systems which could be located intracellularly
*Research the efficiency of the proposed exothermic (thermogenic) reaction - look into alternatives?  
<br>
'''Glucose-detection/Insulin-secretion system''' (HRP-based application)<br>
''Problems/Considerations''
*Currently proposed system incorporates Glucose-6-P receptor. Is there a receptor available for glucose?
*It was suggested that glucose secretion would take the form of pulses. Is this viable? Alternative release mechanism?

====Characterization of HRP====
Work into characterizing HRP was continued, particularly with respect to
*PoPS
**It was suggested to look into the well-characterized F2620 for a model/method of characterizing HRP wrt PoPS <br>
*If glucose proves a problematic stimulus, research into the possibilty of replacing it with another stimulus; one for which working biobricks (such as receptors) are available in the registry 

====Database====
A Database, for experiments to be carried out over the course of the project, was proposed by Dirk. This would allow for effective scheduling and prioritization of required experiments.

====Contingency projects====
Expand on contingency projects. Ideally, 3 contingency projects should be "available"