{{ISCB-SC}}

==List of Participants==

* Vijaya Parthiban (Organizer)
* Nils Gehlenborg (Moderator)
* Manuel Corpas
* Sarath Chandra Janga
* Sanne Abeln
* Saraswathi Sundararajan
* Venkata Satagopam
* Victor Weigman (Minutes)


== Minutes - June 26, 2006 ==

'''SCS2 / ISMB 2006'''

* State of the SCS-2. Are we having panel discussion? Publication of abstracts?
* 'Panel Discussion'
*# Same type of format as last year, where we had long biionofrmatics people (BoDs) discuss their experience as the field has developed.
*# Also discussed to have a room at lunch on wednesday or monday, thursday to have a meeting for an informal disucssion 
*** This will be free
*** Volunteer to organize (Vic) Getting topics, finding participants, finding room, time, day
*** Email Steven immediately to find open rooms to have this	
*'Abstract Submission'
*# Nils is contacting companies about raising money (the list is cleared from Steven)
*# We can have 10 abstracts for $1500
*# We need ot raise another $1000
*# Abstracts can have ONE figure and word limit to 600

* Strategies for SCS-2 marketing. Translating to Spanish/Portuguese? 
*# Nils is sending out that email to Diana to have her ask her students to come to SCS2
*# Manuel is wondering about what we can actually offer to these students to get them more interested

* Strategies for recruiting new SCLeaders @ SCS-2
*# One thing we should have is a meeting point to go to lunch together, we need to have a meeting point
*# We need ot have a place where we can post the SC events so people know where to go, maybe a blow up of the flier?
*# Also, a place to have lunch (on grounds, off grounds, Nils will ask Steven best place)
*# Would be good to have a few meeting places at the hotels to meet for social events in the evenings.  	
*# Maybe we have a Student Council open meeting ot discuss these matters.  Maybe have this on Thursday evening
*# Social Event on Sunday should be a great place for this.
*# WE can recruit ISCB help when Vic presents for BoDs on day of SCS2 (Manuel will send formal invitation)

* Activities during ISMB: lunch times, internal SC meetings, SC booth?
*# Vic has volunteered to contact Steven Leard to find rooms availible for lunchtime meetings or other SC general meeting space

===Local / Student Groups===

* We'll include some information in the Q2 newsletter. After the final approval from ISCB BoDs, we'll start marketing aggressively and contact the groups who are already in touch with us.