{{ISCB-SC}}

== Minutes from Teleconference on May 26th, 2006 ==
Called to order at 6:10 pm GMT.

'''Those in attendace:'''
''Manuel, Nils, Parthi, Sarath, Saraswathi, Vic''
   
== 1.  SCS-2 ==
# ''' budget'''
#* current sponsors (REPORT: Vic)
#**''-$1100 biomeet profit. What ways are most promising for investing this money to attract more SCLeaders?'' 
#* publication of abstracts (REPORT: Sarath?)
#** ''-Sarath mentioned looking into the cost of 12 pubs in BMC and would email the group w/ costs''
#** ''-We were wondering whether we would need a minimum number of abstracts to be published in BMC. The prices seem too expensive for publishing the 12 presentations. ''
#** ''-Decision that we should allocate $500 for the article publishing and anything else that might be sponsored for this cause, from sources that are additional to current sources ''   

# '''pamphlets (ACTION: prepare pamphlets)'''
#* other printed materials (agenda, etc.)
#** ''-$200 maximum for the SCS-2 booklet. Do we need to use SC funds to pay for this? We would ask BJ if she could delegate it and ship it to Brazil for us. ''
#** ''-In order to attract more people, we would like to include in the pack of our SCS-2 information, a leaflet that exposes our main achievements and a plan for events for the year 2006/2007 up to ISMB-2007.''
#* social event (ACTION: determine organizer) 
#** ''-Vic has volunteered to be event organizer and to speak w/ Steven Leard on areas to meet or finding local guides who may suggest best places to dine''
#** ''-No call yet as to which events should be planned besides SCS2 dinner''
#** ''-Vic suggested that social events during ISMB must be on "hotel row"''
#** ''-An email will be sent out, probably by Vic, to tell people of: activities, locations, prices, day to day agenda of the SCs ISMB activities and social events as they come togehter''

# '''2nd call for abstracts'''
#* unanimous agreement to do a 2nd call for abstracts
#** ''-Members have agreed to send 2nd call to thier known groups''
#*** Vic will contact Biomeet universities
#*** Sarath will contact Latin American/Cuba contacts
#**** Manuel suggested to translate the call in spanis
#*** We will include in the 2nd call a more updated agenda w/ confirmed speakers, discussion of abstract publishing and mention of poster/presentation prizes
#* new deadline: 6/15, 7/1 or even 7/15 (REPORT: Nils; ACTION: determine deadline)
#** ''-It was decided that we would have June 20th for the oral presentaiton deadline''
#** ''-July 10th would be poster deadline
                o how can we reach brazilian students? (they will benefit most from this)
                o are we going to use the same channels as before? 
          * reaching out to Brazilian students (ACTION: assign this task to someone)
                o how can they help us (besides coming to the symposium)? 
#* videos of talks on the web? (ACTION: decide if worth pursuing)
#** ''-Agreement to do this given cost is reasonable''
#** ''-Nils to ask Steven Leard if our room has such faciliites''
#** ''-Parthi mentioned of sufficient space on the ISCB-SC website to host''

          * misc
                o questionnaire will be required (ACTION: assign task to someone)
                o cafepress merchandise? checkout test store (REPORT: Nils) 
# '''further ISMB activities (REPORT: previous ISMB attendees, ACTION: determine list of activities)'''
#* panel discussion before 3rd session? (REPORT: Manuel, Nils; ACTION: decide if we are going to do this)
#** ''-Nils proposed the possibility of including a panel discussion where a topic exclusively relevant for students would be analysed. This could add some more specific interest tailored to students, and thus make the SCS-2 more attractive''
          * booth?
          * meeting point for students?
          * lunchtime meetings?
          * will we have company representatives available?