==Homework==
''Maybe Randy can firm these up before the meeting and then he can provide specific questions he'd like people to think about for homework for the discussion next month.''
*Proposed in October meeting that we think about expectations from the labs for the Registry in preparation for the debrief from the Registry next month.  Registry wants to know:
**Should they be working on automated cloning or not?
**Specifically, what are the expectations in terms of cost, turn-around time, etc.
**Does everyone think this should be done through a synth company, instead?
**Others questions?